Keyword: Innovation 

This is a study on the academic landscape of innovation research and how it compares to policy reform of national innovation systems in Japan and the United States. The study found that there are three main clusters of innovation research: technological innovation, innovation fundamentals, and innovation management. It also found that while research on innovation started with innovation management, research in the other two areas is currently more active.

Summary:
The study found that there are three main clusters of innovation research: Innovation Fundamentals, Technological Management, and Innovative Organization.

Keyword: NIS

National Innovation Systems (NIS) are government policies implemented to encourage innovation. In Japan, NIS policies have shifted over time from focusing on organizations to technology to innovation fundamentals. In the United States, NIS policies have been more focused on tax breaks and funding for research and development.

Summary: The United States' national innovation system was founded in the 1950s and has since evolved according to different reports and administrations. Keyword: National Innovation System

research also has mutual interactions with NIS in both 
countries. We also discussed the time lag of policy 
reformation in Japan after 1980s. 
There are many points to be improved in NIS, and it is 
necessary to construct an effective NIS by sharing lessons 
learned from both Japan and the United States.

National innovation systems (NIS) are policies and institutions designed to encourage innovation in a particular country. In this paper, the authors analyze and compare the academic landscape of innovation research, NIS in Japan and the United States, and trends in each. They find that the focus of innovation research has shifted from organization to technology to fundamentals, and that there is mutual interaction between NIS in the two countries. The authors discuss the time lag of policy reform in Japan after the 1980s and conclude that more research on innovation and collaboration among policymakers, engineers, and academia are necessary to construct effective NIS.

Summary: The article discusses the implications of research on Japanese innovation policy. It argues that there is a time lag of Japanese innovation policy compared to the global academic trend, and that this delay should be partly attributed to researchers of innovation research, but a network among academia and policymakers was also lacking in Japan, which was the hurdle to disseminate information from cutting-edge innovation research to them.

Keyword: innovation policy